The whole world is celebrating yoga today. The
second International Yoga
Day is being celebrated. The
celebration of Yoga Day is going on in Bengaluru too. The
program is going on at the Kanthuruva Stadium in Bengaluru. Yoga asanas are being
practiced under the guidance of breath guru Vachananananda Swamiji.
Again do it
relax. One more time.
Spread the call. I will do as I say.
Go little that side. Hendry it.
Go that
side. Its not working. Stand like this. Because it is
not visible there. I want you to see.
They want you to see. Okay. Look.
Hand it. Just. Command. Command. Sit like this.
Command. Command. One to three. The sun is coming. Because
of you did Surya Namaskar. The sun is
rising. The sun is rising in the east. Come
on. Do it. One to three. Four.  Do five things,
command, do it, do it, repeat it,
repeat
it, stand up, stand up, we will do the
bastrika, okay, raise your right leg,
right arm, not right leg, sorry,
close your left, no still,
change it, other side, those
who do this, gas will not come out,
okay, take it on both hands,
take it on both hands, in a few moments, in a few
minutes, Chief Minister
Siddaramaiah sir will come on the stage, in a
few moments, do it,
repeat it, do it,
you are all young, not old, not old, only old people, I think it is
enough for old people,
how many old people
are there, now they are
decorating the stage, you all should get a loud
applause, Shri DV Sadananda Gowda sir, the
Honorable Union Minister of Law and Justice, the
Government of India, do this, now Sadananda
Gowda will also do it with you,
he said, "Gowda, take a sip of water and
take your hands up, here I
see, very
much."  A loud applause for Sadananda Gowda, who is a dynamic law minister and a
representative of the Indian government,
Sadananda Gowda's name is always smiling. His spontaneous
smile is coming out of the heart. Okay,
take both hands and
see. A man should not have ego. There is no such thing as ego. There is no
shame in them.
Yoga grows from such people. Also,
Shri P P Chaudhary,
MP from Rajasthan, also the Chairman of the
Joint Parliament Committee, has arrived at our program. A loud applause should be given to
him. A warm welcome to P P Chaudhary sir. A
little bit of Trikonasana is
coming to the program. A warm welcome to
Sadhvi Bhagwati Saraswati. A warm applause should be given to him. Take your right leg,
right foot, right side, slowly
keep your hands at shoulder level.
Look, look, front now.  Slowly go back go down
go to the sari to interrupt there
left there sitting audio care
there please make a big mind come here to the
ground sir please no sun no
rain come please
everyone do yoga welcome up another
dynamic
Ananth Kumar who is the Union Minister of Chemical Fertilizers has
arrived at the program Shri Ananth
Kumar Honorable Union Minister of Chemicals and
Fertilizers
Government of India slowly put your left foot to the left
take your right foot right foot right side
now slowly go down go to the right side
catch your right ankle look up look at the sky please
sitting there
please come sir madam please come this way up look up
inhale come up now
slowly again turn your right
left foot left side now slowly bend
your left knee
bend your left knee  Right knee straight Right knee
straight Look here Gowda Look here
Simple like this Make this leg straight
S S
Ha hand like this Take care of the tip Look
up The
honorable Chief Minister Shri Siddaramaiah
Sir is coming to the program with loud applause
Please welcome him with loud applause International Yoga Day
Bangalore The
honorable
Chief Minister of Karnataka Government Shri
Siddaramaiah
Sir Siddaramaiah, who is the dynamic Chief Minister of Karnataka, is coming on the stage and we are celebrating the
second
International Yoga Day in Bangalore because of none other than
CM Siddaramaiah Ji
Bangalore Please hear loud applause
Please The reason why this program has been so grand for two consecutive years is because of
our honorable
Chief Minister's cooperation and blessings
We are celebrating these two years of International Yoga Day
very grandly With
applause on behalf of all of us  Let's
welcome the program, please, the
workers, wash that water plant with water.
Now, to start today's program,
International Yoga
Day. To start this day, the
honorable Chief Minister, Mr. Siddaramaiah,
sir, gives the start by watering the plant.
This is a method of growing eggs. Now, everyone,
including the Chief Minister, let's say hi. Let's say
Kannada,
Kannada, come with us. Kannada, Karnataka must survive.
To that, the
Chief Minister of Kannada, Siddaramaiah,
also says, "
Start, that hand action, sir." It is with
their efforts that this
program is being run so grandly.
I hereby request them to
welcome all the guests on the stage
today, World
Yoga
Day. This
program is being organized by the Karnataka government.  The
Honorable Chief Minister will inaugurate this program.
Shri Sadananda Gowda,
Union Law
Minister and
Shri Ananth
Kumar, Chemical
Minister, Shri T. B. Jayachandra, Shri K.
J. George,
Shri A. Jadhav and U. T. Khader,
Minister of AYUSH Department and Health, and
all the officials
and ministers,
MLAs,
all the
dignitaries who have arrived at this program. Today, this
program will be inaugurated by our popular
Chief Minister
Shri Siddaramaiah ji. The
government has
also
given a lot of support to this. This is a
program that is being conducted at a global level today. The Central
Government should also do
this program in every corner of the country and the state. This is a
program that has been organized at a global level. This
program should be done from a young age to a young age. This has been
adopted in every country today. In this, I am telling you that the
youth in our country should be involved in this in the most part.
I am saying this through this. The reason is that from a
health perspective, your
mindset should be limited,
today yoga is very important. Among the dignitaries who
have arrived at this program
First of all, I would like to
welcome the Hon'ble Chief Minister, Shri Swamiji, with a loud applause.
Today, for the second time in Karnataka, we are celebrating
International Yoga Day.
Who else is he? Our Chief Minister's
efforts are like today's program.
Shri D.K. Shivakumar, who is the
Minister of Law, Shri DV Sadananda Gowda, the Union Minister, is also a hearty
supporter. Shri Ananth Kumar, the
Union Minister of Chemicals, is a
hearty
welcome to him. If you look at him, he is a yoga pattu. The
Prime Ministers of our state and our country had not yet announced the celebration of Yoga Day.
In 2014, for the first time, on
June 21, our Ananth
Kumar started it himself.
In 2014, he clapped loudly
[applause]
and welcome our Law Minister, TB
Jayachendra,
and welcome
Shri K.J. George, who is the Urban Development Minister of Bangalore.
[Music]
Welcome Shri Jadhav, MLA, UT,
Health Minister, see UT Khader.  The
most young and energetic people
in the cabinet of the Chief Minister are doing
yoga very well.
Health Ministers should take care of health. Health
is wealth. Who is
our UT Khader,
MLA Jadhav and
Shri Meena, who is the Principal Secretary of Higher Education AC, have
come for this program. They have a major
role in this. Look, if so many children had to join last year, it was
not because of Bharat Lal
Meena. Look at how much
energy there is on his face. We applauded Bharat Lal
Meena loudly.
Welcome to Shri DK Shivakumar, who is the Energy Minister, and P P Chaudhary, Lok Sabha
member. Swamiji P P Chaudhary,
Lok Sabha
member from Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan,
Rajasthan,
and our Shalini Rajneesh, who was very
inspired to
organize the program. It was raining in the morning. In
such a situation, you  Who was there who
came here himself and asked Swamiji what to do? There was
confusion when he was there.
Swamiji
said, "You do it here, it will be good." Welcome to
our Jorai
Tatti and all the dignitaries on the stage who are the reason for doing it. Welcome
and
also to all the yoga masters who have arrived here.
Here,
especially the 86-
year-
old Honnappa Nayak, who taught yoga to Dr. Rajkumar,
is on the stage. Let us welcome him with a loud applause.
Who is a model for today's youth who are full of youth even at the age of 86?
Who is not our Honnappa Nayak?
Honnappa Nayak. Thank you sir.
Thank you. Now, let us welcome
Mr. U. T. Khader, the
Honorable Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on the stage with a
loud applause. The audience should give a loud applause.
Our AD GP has also come to this program. Let us give a
loud applause to him.
On the occasion of World Yoga Day, the
children of Karnataka state are sitting here, who should not go and start
this meaningful
and beautiful program and make this
program very successful.
Today, along with yoga, the
state's favorite
Chief Minister, Honorable Siddaramaiah Ji, who is fully cooperating with the Health Department,
came as the chief guest of the program and made this
program very beautiful.
Union Minister Sadananda Gowdre, Union
Minister Ananth Kumar Saheb, who is our
state minister, DK Shivakumar Ji, who is the
state minister, the in-charge minister of the
district, KS
George, who is the parliamentary secretary of our health department,
Jadhav, the Olympic
Association President,
Sanmitra Govindaraj, who is the Law Minister
and the honorable
TB Jayachandra, who is a senior to all of us, Choudhary, who is an MP, and all
our various department
officials, our class, are distinguished persons. In this
program, perhaps today we and all of
you will be able to learn yoga.  Special
guidance from the health gurus,
all my gurus, elders, brothers, dear
friends, dear students,
students,
yoga is a gift that the sages of this country have given not only to India but also to the
world. It is the
responsibility of all of us today to preserve and develop it. In such a
situation, when the Yoga Day is celebrated in the whole world today, it is the
special responsibility of the state of Karnataka. In
every part of the state of Karnataka, whether it is the youth,
students, elders, everyone should be
aware of yoga and practice it. In the
future, we have come here by doing our work in a way that will contribute to a very
healthy society and a developed Karnataka
and a strong India.
I have always said one thing today.
Perhaps, if we
say that yoga has cured medicine today, we all
know it very well today. Therefore, perhaps we should all practice
this yoga-
related practice today and
become healthy in the future. The power to prevent any disease is the
personality of each person and  The
program should be organized in a way that gives opportunities in life. For
that, the Honorable
Chief Minister has given all the cooperation and today,
every district of our entire district has also taken
special funds for this
program. For
that, on behalf of the people of Karnataka,
I congratulate and thank all the organizers.
Perhaps, all we can say to the youth is that today,
your lifestyle and diet should pay
special attention to cleanliness and take special care of your
health.
Perhaps, today, water
and air are two medicines. If
you all consume these medicines correctly, then
today is the opportunity for you all to be healthy. Now, perhaps,
what has happened to all of you youth and the people?
Cigarettes have become a fashion.
Second, today, perhaps,
Coca-Cola and Pepsi have become other cold
drinks. Now, everyone is in fashion. Everyone in the
group smokes
cigarettes and
drinks cold drinks. Tomorrow, when you go to the ICU and
sleep there, you will be the only one except for
one of you.  It is not possible to come, so
who do you want to come to the ICU?
Today, they should all start yoga and
take their lifestyle forward.
I also want to say that
perhaps our health department and
AYUSH department should join hands and perhaps by
providing yoga training to all the school teachers today, those teachers should
convert it to students. In the
same way, the police
department will also organize a program in the coming days, the health department
and the program will
show the power of the mind in the future to deal with stress management and those problems that come up. The
honorable Chief Minister has
given us complete cooperation and
said that he would like to convey my special
greetings and congratulations to all of you. You have all
come with great interest. It is not only Yoga Day that
you should do yoga, but
every day of the year, even if it is a little time,
today, even if it is related to our health. I would like to
say that I would like to convey my
greetings to you and
conclude my speech. Jai Hind Jai Karnataka.
On the stage, especially the world's oldest
yoga practitioner
Nanamali, who has been a harvester in this country for the past 80 years, a
98-year-old grandmother Nanamali, who has been teaching yoga to the common people in a small village for 80 years, has come on the stage. Let's applaud her loudly and
welcome the world's oldest yoga practitioner Nanamali to the program with loud applause. Now, to
officially launch this program, the
Honorable Chief Minister of Karnataka,
Shri Siddaramaiah Sir, will start the program
by watering the plant.
All the dignitaries who graced the stage are
requested to join hands. Are you sitting relaxed? Give
a little applause.
We are happy. Thank you. The
inauguration by the Honorable Chief Minister.
After this, the portal launch will launch a portal with
information about yoga teachers and yoga centers in the state.
So I
request the Honorable Chief Minister of Karnataka,
Shri Siddaramaiah Sir, to please do the
needful breath Guru.
पादांता
वंदे
[संगीत]
गुरु पारमपरा [
संगीत] गुरु पारमपरा [संगीत]
पारमपरा
Vande Guru
Parampara Please come and hear the applause Please please
audience Thank you so much Thank you
sir Now let's welcome the
honorable Chief Minister of Karnataka
Government Shri Siddaramaiah Sir with
a couple of words and loud applause
International
Yoga Janardhana For participating in this
occasion
Honorable Ministers of the Centre
Shri Ananth Kumar
Shri Sadananda Gowda
State
Ministers Jayachandra
Shivakumar
UT Khader
's family KJ George
Govindaraju
Dr. Jadhav
All friends
Yoga Gurus For
participating in this program All
dear brothers and sisters Students
All friends of the media As per the
resolution of the United Nations, June 21st is celebrated as
Yoga Day all over the world
Last year too on June 21st
we celebrated International Yoga Janardhana  The day
was celebrated this year as well.
Every year, it will be celebrated on
June 21st.
I think it is a very appropriate and welcome decision for the United Nations to make such a decision.
Yoga is an ancient part of Indian culture. It is as if the
sages
have given it to our society.
We have
a proverb that says, "Those who know how to eat, have no disease. Those who know how to speak, have no quarrel." It
means that those who maintain good habits in their diet,
eat the food that is necessary for their health. We should learn to speak
good words, and
speak without hurting others. If
we adopt these habits and practice them, then
disease will not come. It is not
possible for us to have quarrels. It is
not possible for there to be conflicts. Now, we can change it a little and
say that even if it
is said that those who know how to do yoga, there is no disease.
That is right. I also want to say these words.
I have been practicing yoga for the
past two
years, off-course, every day.  I do it regularly or
not. I do it whenever I am in Bangalore for a week. A
yoga guru comes to me and
teaches me yoga when I am in Bangalore. I have seen
many
changes in my experience, both physically and
mentally. I would
like to share these words on this occasion. If you
start practicing yoga from a young age and
do it daily, if you dedicate 24 hours a day to
yoga, then
perhaps you will be able to stay cheerful and happy for the rest of the day for 23 hours. This is something that
everyone should do for their health and
mental balance.
I think it is very good. The
government through the AYUSH department, the Primary
Education department, the
Higher Education department should do something to make everyone, including students, aware of
this proper yoga
practice. I think it is
also
very
important to make yoga education compulsory in schools in a phased manner because yoga  You
need a teacher to teach you, don't you? You don't need a teacher. You don't need to practice yoga
because it has to be practiced scientifically. That's
why you need to learn yoga from a teacher and then after you learn
yoga
well,
you need to practice yoga yourself. It's
very good to learn from a yoga teacher before learning from it. It's
not possible to do it perfectly and correctly by watching it on TV. Maybe yoga teachers will agree with me.
I
think that if
we learn yoga from yoga teachers and
do it daily, we will be able to stay away from many problems. Diabetes, diabetes, diabetics, etc. It is a
big disease for
everyone.
We need to keep diabetes under control. Yoga is
very
important. I also have diabetes. After
starting yoga, if we
practice yoga continuously, yoga will be under
control,
otherwise diabetes will start controlling us.  A
situation arises where we are susceptible to many diseases,
so if
we want to always maintain physical and mental balance,
yoga is very necessary for us.
But for this, it is
not limited to any religion or
age. People of
all religions need health from the point of view of health. People of
all religions
need health. People of all ages
need health. But from a young age,
even the young and old, even the old and the young can
do yoga. I was
asking. Now, the
gurus who taught yoga to Rajkumar are still
here. Dr. Rajkumar is still
teaching yoga. He
was in the police department. He
was a DIG. He is still 84 years old. Look, he is still
very strong. That is why there is no
age limit for practicing yoga.
Even the young and old can do it. Now I am
68 years old. Now I am
doing yoga easily. That is why
age does not hinder me. The government of Karnataka said these words on this
occasion.  In
all the schools and
colleges in the entire state, it has provided
all the help and cooperation to celebrate the International Day of Yoga. I would like to
say these words on this occasion. The
Karnataka government will do everything to fully implement this yoga practice, to encourage it, to cooperate with it. I would like to
say these words and end my speech by wishing all of you and
the people of the entire state a happy International Day of
Yoga.
Jai Hind Jai Karnataka
World Yoga Day Bangalore Kanthirao
Ka
Many people including Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu are practicing yoga in the gymnasium.
We are watching its live broadcast. Nishwasa Vaisehi Dekhe Ke Liye Koshish Keejiye Nimma Uchvasa Nichvasa Goe
Observing your breath, let the
fragrance of your breath be, let the
forgiveness of your hands be, let the peace of mind be, let the peace of the grave be, the
world is yours, then the peace of the equanimity be, slowly observe your breath as it is, do not interpret with your breath, inhale slowly, gently, even
and smoothly, exhale, lovely, completely, peace, fully,
let all the toxins,
carbon dioxide, go out, let
all the
hatred, enmity, let go
out, exhale, inhale, love, light,
divinity, just observe your breath, breath.
Jab Tak Shwas Tab Tak Jan As Long
As You Breathe It Means You Are In The
Life The Moment Breath Leaves The Body We Are No More
Just Observe Your Breath Breath
Is Not Either In The Past Or In The
Future Its Moment In Time
Slowly Bring Your Mind Attentively Tip
Up The
Nose Feel The Flow
And
Now Maintaining The Same Awareness Of
Breath Now Take A Deep
Inhalation Chant Three Times Om Together Me
Everyone Let's Say Om For A Long Time Take A Deep
Breath Say
With Me Everyone Let The Chant Of Om Be
Produced Take A Deep Breath
[Music]
Om Again Om Om
One More Time
Om
[Music]
We Have Said As We Have Said Jaise Mai Kahunga  Vise
Dauraiyeye Sarve Jana Sukhino Bhavantu Sarve Saintu Niramaya Sarve Niramaya Sarve Bhadrani Pashyantu Sarveshu Makasi Dukka Bhaga Bhave Makasi Dukka Bhaga
Om Shanti Shanti Shantihi
Om Shanti Shanti
Now Gently Bring Your Palms In
Front Of Your Heart Center Slowly Bring Your
Hands To The Heart Center Come On Apne Vishnu
Chhatti Par Laiye Now Gently
Rub Your Palms With Your Hands Breathe Slowly
Make Your Palms Warm And
Warm Now
Slowly Place Your Palms On Your Eyes
Keep Your Hands On Your Eyes Let
That Hot Air Blow
Through Your Eyes There Is A Shine In Your Eyes There Is
A New Vision In Your Eyes
You Will Get New Vision Now Slowly Take
Your Palms Away From Your Eyes Take Your Hands In Front Of Your Eyes Rub Your
Hands Again Gently Rub Your
Palms Gently Massage All Your Facial
Muscles If you practice every day you
need you no need to you no need to apply
any cream go and fold your hands
another
time ha now I will tell you
a simple pranayama
nadi shodhana do this everyone everyone do this win victory everyone should
win do this
everyone make two hands chief minister ha yes
everyone should win in life
we ​​are not the only ones who win every one
everyone should win ha take one hand
left hand down make right hand
like this this mudra this is
called Vishnu mudra bend your index
finger and middle finger just bring touch
to the thumb
slowly keep it next to the nose
close your left nostril now slowly exhale from your right
nostril slowly deeply
please close your
eyes again inhale with right nostril
then close  Open your right nostril
then exhale from your left nostril again
slowly inhale from your left
nostril
deeply fill your chest
let inhale more and more oxygen
exhale more and more carbon
dioxide again exhale from your
right nostril repeat it three
times exhale slowly smooth even
and
gently no jerk between two breaths
repeat
it keep gentle smile on your face no
stress
this is called nadi shodhana it purifies
nadis it is called channel
purification repeat
it now slowly take your
palms down now next
i will show you
first what you are  This is what you should do,
not this thumb, you should close your ears, not now, I don't want to hear what you
say next,
okay, just close them like this, gently close your ears with your thumbs, then slowly close your eyes like this, now make a humming sound, hmm
hmm, relax, slowly bring
your palms
down, this
is called Brahmi
Pranayama, it relaxes, it comes to
your brain, once you start
practicing, you don't want to leave it, you see, the
chief minister, doing this pranayama, he
became absorbed in himself, so much coolness,
so much calmness, this pranayama gives, so that in the
midst of so much pressure, by
doing this pranayama, the great strength of this country, I say, yoga, yoga,
this is yoga,
yoga, Kashmir, the head, the Himalayan
ranges, the arms, the Vindhyas, the waist.
Kanyakumari, the foot pair I have placed all over
India, this is the same yoga, this is India, the world,
India will become the world guru. We should appreciate it.
Today, the entire world is 196
countries.
We are all Vipassan. Let's
say hi once. How many people should say it? Raise your
hand and say hi.
Okay, are you ready? All the cabinet
ministers are here. One more time, will you? I'm okay. With action. With action.
[Music] Ooo ooo aii ioo ooo au one more time, are you ready? Look at this. Aaanand. Aaab. There is no joy in saying CD. There is a lot of joy in Kannada. Another time, chi chi tu chhe chhe make action chhe chow chow. [Laughter]
I am learning
Kannada. Okay now,
Bipasha Basu. Want to do some posters. Please come to the
front in five minutes.  Minutes we
will finish
okay you can follow this too now are you
looking in front of you Abhipasha Basu is
also doing please please stand up
last year Shilpa Shetty
came and the purpose of her call was for the Yogaratna
Awards our
esteemed Sadananda Gowda had come for that
we have invited yogas from all over the country from different fields and honored them
he had come for that today
only fitness is like six pack till where do
you have a pack of cigarettes till then
six pack has not come so
we just now this is called
triangle portion stand up turn
your
right foot left foot left side raise
your arms at shoulder level slowly exhale go down go down
catch your
left ankle look up look up try to
touch your right right finger tips  To the
sky Look up Look up Look up the sky Breathe in Breathe out
Inhale and
exhale again Inhale Come up Now Change
it Left foot Left side Now slowly
lean towards your left side
Right side Look up Look up Breathe out Breathe in Look up Inhale Come up
Now slowly join again Jump Now
slowly turn your right foot Right side Left foot
Left side Like this Like this Not like this Even also this
is called asana
Hanumanasana Look at
me
Excel Hang want Hange make happy
Celebrate
Inhale Come up again Exhale Go
down Meghalagi Hanuman  Inhale Exhale
Come up Repeat it
Relax
now Feet parallel Feet parallel a little bit
Inhale Raise your arms
Stretch it Interlock your fingers
Inhale Stretch your arms Turn
palms over space Slowly Stand on
your toes Stretch it Look up
Stretch your whole body from the tip
of the toes to the finger tips
Relax now Release your hands Now
slowly bend your knees Come to this posture
This is called Chair Pose
Utkatasana If you want to be a chairman Practice
this asana You will get chairman
You will be a chairman Chair plus man
equal to
chairman This is not five years You
can do this for any number of years Who is the
competitor for this  No one will steal this chair.
Repeat
it again. It gives a lot of strength.
You
exercise builds the muscles. Yoga
builds the mind. We do not build the body. We build the mind.
We
slowly stretch it. Don't go to let out the
gas. Don't
excel.
Release your gases. Keep
smiling. Always have the same fresh, green breath. The
Chief Ministers of our state are waving their hands everywhere.
Where are you? I am asking
Mr. Ananth Kumar
ji and Sadananda Goud ji. Please come up.
Please come up. Chief Ministers. Let them be like that. Let
them be the watch. Our UT Khader.
Please join us for a
minute. Let all of us join.
DK. Come. I will tell you simply. No
tough. Only fit. Come here.
Okay. Okay.
Simple. Jogging. First. Command. Jogging.
Music.
Please. Simple. Simple.  So command do
your own capacity otherwise you
will never get up more tomorrow do your
own capacity
everyone should do it who is not standing
command audience that's the spirit lovely energy
good going guys superb
command is
hing hey
[music]
loosen your all joints relax relax
relax place your left palm
of the chest right palm of the stomach
observe your breath is very
powerful minister our power real power
star DK Shivakumar made this
hummus few days good post
going on he is spreading Kannada fame all over the
country
close your eyes just observe your breath
if
your chest is moving it means something
is problem let  Your stomach
moves because when you inhale, the
lungs go up. The lungs do not have a diaphragm. They
move down. The stomach comes
forward. Okay, arms
up. Will you do this? It's a kind of
pranayama. It invokes fire. You will never get
digestive problems. So your
stomach, epigastrium, liver,
small intestine, large intestine, I will get
stronger and stronger. Okay,
just follow.
[Music] Is there any
sound coming from the audience? The teachers are making
sound. It should come. Do this.
[Music]
Relax,
relax, just observe your breath.
Just observe your breath. Today, especially,
another Hollywood actress, Henrietta, she
came from all over London.
Have a big clap to you.
Her the whole world is here the whole world is
here this is
yoga your left no still take your
right arm up
right arm
up change it
[music]
relax slowly line
stomach s it's ok nothing will
happen to you come little this side you come
this side
ha edit sahebre
come here see how active they are
that's hummus at this age hummus should come
slowly go down touch
your forehead to the ground this
mother this earth mother our
god inhale slowly lift your head lift
your chest press your palms
down look up look up
bhujangasana
bhujangasana who can't do it standing
please gurus show me bhujangasana
on the ground
please now all the news channels are live
its a live telecast every one should
do  It Elro on the ground slowly come down
repeat it inhale again one more
time
now slowly come down come to the Vajrasana
Vajrasana sitting posture Vajrasana
Vajrasana
Thunder Bold Posture There are two nadis in our body
72000 nadis out of which two
important nadis are Vajra nadis they
are below our buttocks it activates
your Vajra nadi in this
its called in
physiology its called vagus nerve which
is directly control your heart
beat and blood pressure if you sit every
day atleast five minutes you will never get high
BP
ok please all the media people please help us ha
ok stand up we will
do suryanamaskara  Are you ready Are you ready
Come to the first pose
Okay First
one Pranamasana Inhale Come up Inhale Raise
your arms a little Lean a little bit back Look
the
sky Urdhva Hastasana Slowly Bend forward Slowly
Take your palms on the
ground Try to touch your forehead to the knee
Slowly Take your right leg back
This is called Right leg back Look
up This is called Horse pose Ashwa
Sanchalanasana You will get power like a horse Oh
Khanese Power Nahi Ata Ae Karnese Power Ata Hai
Palms Press your palms Now Slowly
Take your left foot back
Stand on your toes and palms
press it Look front This is called
Danda
Asana  Now slowly bring your knees to the
ground Now slowly go to the Ashtanga
Namaskara Chest Chin to the
ground Chin Chest Knees and finger tip Tip
of the toes Inhale Slowly Come
up Bhujangasana
Then slowly go down Go back Try to
touch your heel to the ground This is
called Mountain
Pose Exhale Try to touch your head to
the ground Do not lift your
heel Now slowly take your right leg
front Right leg front again Slowly take
your left
foot front Try to touch your forehead
to the knees Pada Hastasana
Inhale
Look
up Exhale Slowly Come to the join
Palms Heart Center Its half round
Will conclude this with another half
round ok again come to the
center inhale
look
up see the
cloud exhale
exhale aha what a pleasure it is
try to touch your forehead to
the knee now take your left foot back
now left foot
back now slowly take your right foot
back try to stand on your toes
palms look
front now again ashtanga namaskara
now slowly inhale
bhujangasana snake and pose you will never get back a now
days people are
getting back a very engaged again go
to the downward
dog it improves your memory power you
will be like mountain always in the
top now slowly take your left  Foot
front
Right foot front Touch to the fore Head to
the nine Heal Look up
Take your palms back Exhale Relax
Relax Chapati
Do you like it
Massage all the internal organs You
will be always young Energetic and
powerful
Massage all the internal organs Like
Liver Stomach Small Intestine Large
Intestine Kidney You will never get old
You will be always young Like
Naicker and
Nanamala Okay now please I ask
All the dignitaries
Please have a seat Now I request
Mrs. Vipaasa Basu to speak few words
Bangalore Loud applause should come for
Mrs. Bipasha
[Appreciation]
Vasu Namaskar Bangalore
Good
morning It's lovely to be here  To see all these
bright enthusiastic faces
celebrating yoga on International Yoga
Day i am sure that we all know about the
benefits of yoga how important it is
and it's all all from india the roots
of yoga are right here we kind of forgot
it for couple of years but now it's
coming back especially the youth i think
as youth it's very important for you to
understand how beneficial yoga is it not
only makes  your body strong and flexible
you know it brings peace and clarity to
your mind so whatever you want to do in
life or achieve you are going to do
better if you practice yoga on an every
day basis
you know so multiple benefits of yoga
and i really have to say that i really
enjoyed you know practicing a bit of it
with all the ministers present out here
it sends out a beautiful example you
know because they are the people who are
handling us and the city and the state
and if they are you know they are doing
yoga  physically physically they are fit
mentally they are fit so we are in very
capable hands so you guys have to learn
from all of them and and wish all of
you best of luck and keep
practicing yoga spread the message that
you need to do yoga every day and thank
you guruji thank you swamiji for
having me here it was a great
honor thank you love you all mam but we have
one final request since morning
they have been waiting to just get
a glimpse of vipasha basu
smile and one beautiful fly case all the
guys out there are dying to get a
fly case so don't wait
also one more thing i forgot actually later sorry sorry later we
will have a
selfie are you
ready  Selfie Selfie Selfie Okay with every one
Probably this way with Bipasha
mam Okay once like is to all your
fans out there please
thank you mam really made there day
thank you so much and now we will have
a selfie with Bipasha mam with all the
fans from
Bangalore you want your
phone when we take the selfie all hands
up in the air guys this way single
hand selfie with CM are you ready one
second okay alla hatra
bandhbidi hatra bandhbidi
you don't have to be seen in the photo
wave your
hands hands up there please
ready three to one
[praise]
cheese thank you
one more time three to one set cheese
take
CM Come here for a minute, sir. Come here,
sir. Bipasha please come. Please come. Bipasha Bipasha
please come. One minute, one
minute. Thank you, sir.
[Music]
Thank you. Loud applause.
Everyone is now being thanked.
Vachanananda
Swamy is the breather. Shriyut Siddaramaiah Sir, the Honorable
Chief Minister, the Government of Karnataka, congratulates the Honorable
Chief Minister for
coming today as the inaugurator for the International Yoga Day 2016 and for making this program a
success. On behalf of everyone, the
Honorable Minister, the Minister of Health and Family
Welfare, should take a moment to thank
everyone. I hereby
request the Honorable Chief Minister, the
Honorable Health Minister, and the Union
Ministers, to thank everyone. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, thank
Thank you, Henriette, you should give a
big round of applause.
Please give a big thank you to breathing guru Vachanananda Swami. Above all, thank you to the audience who
came to this program and made the program
more enjoyable. Thank you so much to everyone
and happy
International Yoga once again. Have a
good day. Take care.
Greetings to all journalists and media. The
second International Yoga Day was
successfully celebrated in Bangalore as well.
Yoga was practiced under the leadership of breathing guru Shri Vachanananda Swamiji at the Rava Stadium in Bangalore. Bollywood's famous
actress Bipasha Basu, Hollywood actress
Henriette, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah,
Union Ministers Ananth Kumar and
Sadananda Gowda, among others,
participated in this program and made this program a
success. To all the Gayatri
Parivar people, they are the volunteers, they have
organized very well.  Hey, all the
Gayatri family, loud applause. After the snack,
we have arranged for you to have some snack there.
Everyone please have bread.